Let's work in the life and ministry programs feature, here are the requirements:

1.- Create a new screen that supports all CRUD operations for a program.
2.- As each month has 1 life and ministry program, and for each month we may have several Weeklyprograms. The default will be to display the current month program. 
3.- The UI should display all weeks in current month program presenting the different sections in it using below order: 

 For each weekly program
    First, the title. 
    Then the president assignation displaying the assignation name and the publisher assigned to it. 
    Then, Song 1 with the word "Cancion" as prefix
    Then, a subtitle called "Tesoros de la biblia"
    Then, treasuresFromGod assignations displaying the assignation name in the left and the publisher assigned to it in the right side. 
    Then, a subtitle called "Seamos mejores maestros"
    Then, applyToTheFieldMinistry assignations displaying the assignation name in the left and the publisher assigned to it in the right side. 
    Then, a subtitle called  "Nuestra vida cristiana"
    Then, Song 2 with the word "Cancion" as prefix. 
    Then, livingAsChristians assignations displaying the assignation name in the left and the publisher assigned to it in the right side. 
    Then, Song 3 with the word "Cancion" as prefix. 
4.- Regarging the CRUD Operations, here are the requirements
    - Create a new program feature should display a form with the same format described in bullet 3 with the differente that the form will have input boxes
    - Create assignations is implicit while creating a life and ministry program, so i need and add assignation button with the form to create a new assignation
    - Add a reference to a publisher is implicit during the creation of an assignation, so during assignation creation i want to see the available publishers and select one to be assigned to the assignation
    - I can delete assignations but that should not delete the publisher
    - I can update an asignation